# clusterflux
This is one of many pet projects I am building under my clusterflux pseudonym. I plan to work long stints when I am unemployed and I may just leave it all twisting in the wind at the drop of hat. I agree morally with the Creative Commons understanding with respect to my rights as a creator of the offered content. I would appreciate credit for being an author if any of my work ever makes it out of the closet drives of the cyber-world and hey, if you make money off my work don't be afraid to buy me a coke or something but I figure it will mostly just digitally rot in the servers with little to no hullabaloo about being written.
The files I am submitting now are of two types; 1 for pleasure of cyber-communing and 1 for technological decision making using advanced mathematics to forecast future values of cryptocurrencies in a volatile market. I have bothered to copyright some of the work so please respect my authorship but I am happy to donate what I can scrounge together so that others may learn and build upon what I have decided to study and work on. Feel free to re-imagine or remix my work for projects you deem fitting.
TextEdit: Over my years of growing up I collected digital keepsakes of the world we left behind; online chat rooms on AOL and dorm room pow-wows over napster and cigarettes. Emoticons and wild code to lose your mind over. Back when the cyber-world still held mystery an awe in a world torn apart by ogligarchs and crooked con men. The file is of little technical worth and is just for shirts and googles. It explores the mind of a schizophrenic and shakes you awake sometimes. Something I plan to add to slowly and thoughtfully but it will probably bring little interest to to most people looking to build digital catalogs of techinical bookends to fortify society from the perils of greed and forgetfulness of what makes us human; what makes us laugh. It could be cataloged under a social science umbrella as a sort of cyber-journal of a closet switch that likes to read his own writing and then grows tired of it and tosses it aside. I did learn to write in school but my favourite time as a writer has been alone with the lamplight of a laptop, tapping away the nights, and nights, and nights in this place where we all play so coy and crass. Selling ourselves to robots and whispering over microphones we can't be sure aren't tapped. The file mostly follows a man growing up in the chat rooms of the East Coast while struggling with mental illness and paranoia about the world as it has come to be to this day. I collected the emoticons mostly from google searches and I lived through some of the mind melding with twitch titans and chat-room junkies. You could call it copy pasta but it does whisper communications with something ephemeral and fleeting, lost in the unicode tranlation of emotions felt by a human learning to live with computers.
AppleScript and Excel: This one will take some time to build and a lot of learning along the way. The way I imagine it is a pocket crystal ball for the stock hobbyist. I actually enjoy writing the code that is produced but there are plenty of easier options for someone that actually wants to play the crypto-market. I doubt I will take my projections to heart and invest real money; just what I can scrounge together from donations for my music and art projects. The allure of bank stacks never scared anyone away from burning the midnight oil on pet projects that dreams just dare you to embark on. I have a love hate relationship with technology but I just love playing code games with my MacBook and I hate Windows. I'm learning AppleScript in leaps and bounds currently but I will run out of free technical support someday so who knows if I will always play with Apple. It sure does invite it's fair share of bugs and work-arounds and it's hard to always find a happy medium working with both operating systems. I know a thing or two about Ubuntu too but I'm no hacker so most of what you will see in the project is easy coding but I try to create code that is easy to understand and is versitile. I get goosebumps working in excel and then I want to smash the computer with a pick axe sometimes. The files as I imagine them now will run a graphical interface that informs the user of future value in a volatile market where you can have your cryptologically sealed wallet hacked in pico-seconds for foregoing a dedicated VPN. I strongly suggest doing your homework before investing any large sums of money in the crypto game. If it's not hackers then it's money lenders robbing you blind with micro-transactions. Currently there are 3 excel files and one AppleScript App. The AppleScript extracts data from a stock exchange aggregator of Bitcoin, Litecoin, and Dogecoin at user defined intervals. There are a lot of different currencies so there is plenty of work to be done to further confidence in trading between them to enable micro-returns from script fed investment techniques. I am avoiding investment at all cost but I am interested in setting up the framework to have a wallet that can purchase from a running script that reads the market real time. Also I'm working on script to work such that it will have it pull data every 30 minutes because with increased data points comes more accurate forecasts. The price of a given coin is collected in it's respective excel file and the AppleScript records and catalogs the date and time in excel. I may put them all together eventually but the Bitcoin file is quite large and CPU intensive given the historical data and current forecasts I've generated. Currently I monkey type the forecasts and graphs but the way I imagine the project is that I will be able to have my own free aggregator that produces graphical represenatation of trends and manages notifications for market dips and spikes for the ideal time to trade. If I could get enough data collected on various crypto and make a self propogating model it could be fairly simple to read the market for safe purchases with a high confidence level to generate dividends that beat bank interest rates. Or I could work on creating an independent stock consultant branch of the clusterflux project and learn more about marketing and selling my code to stock traders.
Currently, I'm unemployed but this is the current carrot that makes me grind the hamster wheel of life to little if no joy. I can be reached at twelftek1000@icloud.com for serious offers to utilize my diverse skills sets in music, art, writing, mathematics, engineering, coding, CAD work, data entry and professional cigarette smoker. If you don't like something I write I don't mind critiques but most of what I write is off the cuff silly business for shirts and googles. I am NOT professional so if you have a strict work culture I may not be a fit. I would prefer a remote job that I could work from my laptop or desktop computer. As I mentioned, I'm well versed in Windows, macOS, Excel, Word, Pages
